I'm out here right now with the chickens
and I took a look at the Bitcoin chart
and I am absolutely in shock. I can't
believe what I'm seeing and I'm thinking
you guys are probably seeing the same
exact thing that I am. But we are seeing
some rare signals on the chart and I'm
going to be talking about the trades I'm
in and what I'm looking to happen next.
Now, so far since the 25th of June, I've
been right. We longed in the Casper Crew
on the 25th of June. This trade here is
up $37,000 plus some. The other position
also up $37,000 plus some. We're up
$70,000 on these long trades and that's
after closing
profit short trade from the trade we
gave in the Casper Crew from the top on
the 14th of May. And I'm I'm starting to
feel that special way, guys. I'm
starting to feel the way I felt that one
time WHERE I
>> OH MY GOODNESS, THE BITCOIN PRICE RIGHT
NOW
>> NOW GUYS, quit joking around. This is a
very serious video and by the way, make
sure to like and subscribe. But here's
the thing. Let's just take an objective
look at what's happening here on the
chart.
We had formed a sideways range going all
the way back to the beginning of
February.
The fair value zone for Bitcoin being
between 60k and up here at $75,000.
What happened is we came down to the
bottom of the range where Bitcoin's
considered undervalued.
And then what happened is we actually
got a move back inside of this range.
Not only did we get a move back inside
of the range, but we got a nice
engulfing bullish candle on the weekly
close inside the range.
And we only have 2 days left of this
week where we will get a second
weekly candle closing inside this range.
And this weekly candle has a really nice
wick to the downside. So, just based on
these candle closes right now, the
probabilities to me are highest that we
make our way up to the POC of this range
around $67,000.
Now,
if we zoom in a little bit lower, we are
at some local resistance. But before we
zoom in lower,
I just want to talk about the fact that
the daily time frame has confirmed a
very bullish pattern here. It's a
bullish divergence on the daily time
frame. As the price is getting lower,
the momentum waves are getting higher.
We have big bottoms on Market Cipher B.
And we didn't just bottom out in the
middle of nowhere, guys. We bottomed out
at the macro Fibonacci 618 from the bear
market bottom to the all-time high
at around $58,400
dipping down to around $57,000.
This green box I have on the chart is a
very key high time frame support that we
bounced from. All right, you can see
here we're getting the bounce from this
exact level. This is why we took the
long trade in the Casper Crew on the
25th of June.
And from that time, like I said, we're
back inside of the range. And once you
come back inside a fair value zone after
losing it to the downside, the
probabilities are highest that you make
your way up to that high volume node. In
this case, the high volume node is
around $67,000.
Now, that being said, when we start to
zoom in a little bit more, you can see
that we are finding resistance
and the resistance we're finding is
actually a local range
since basically the beginning of June.
So, if we pull up the price action here
and look at the volume, you can see that
where we are currently finding
resistance
is the value area high of this local
range. Now, this local range value area
high at $64.5000 is a great TP1. All
right, we've already locked in $26,000
on one position, another almost $13,000
on this other position that we have
right here. So, no matter what, we're
we're well over $35,000 in profit. But,
here's the thing.
And you can see I'm I'm short from the
value area high as well, holding the
short in case of a big dump. Just to be
totally honest, yes, I'm short from this
level
in case of a big dump. But, here's the
thing. The higher time frames are king.
And right now, the higher time frame
range is the one which has its target
POC up here at around $67,000. And not
only that, you can see that even if we
were to take off this volume profile,
the clear range to be trading is the
clearly defined low right here, the
clearly defined high right here. It just
makes the most sense given all the
bullishness on the high time frames, the
clear
reclaim of this level right over here.
Uh that we would eventually make our way
up to this area. Now, when we come to
this area, we do need to be looking for
a reversal. Don't get me wrong.
That is my next short trade idea. Coming
up to the high, to the macro POC,
$67,000, and getting a rejection.
But, I want to propose to you another
bullish scenario. Remember, it is very,
very rare to get a bullish divergence on
the weekly time frame.
The last time we saw the price make a
lower low,
and the momentum is look like this juicy
set of uneven butt cheeks
was the bottom of the bear market. I'm
talking November 2022. This is the last
time we saw anything remotely close to
what we are seeing right now. And
obviously, it's a very, very powerful
signal.
So, here's what I am proposing. If we
can hold above $67,000 POC, and start to
close weekly candles above this level,
then we're actually going to have green
dots printing and confirming on the
weekly time frame.
If that happens, there is literally zero
resistance in the weekly candle from the
beginning of June, this big bearish
engulfing candle that literally engulfs
all of this juicy goodness here.
There's no resistance. We could so
easily see a move up to the mid-70s.
We could even see a move back to the
support resistance flip at around
$85,000. Because you have to think, the
price is always trading sideways. So,
right now our target of our sideways
range is 67,000.
Because right now we're looking at this
chunk of price action as our sideways
range.
If we start to flip 67,000, then the
range we're actually looking at is this
guy right here.
Which means we could absolutely see a
move back up toward that area. In
addition, if you pull the Fibonacci from
the high to the low,
we have our Fibonacci golden pocket 786
coming in right around that area as
well.
So, it's very interesting very
interesting time. We have we have
literally never seen anything like this
happen before in a 4-year Bitcoin cycle.
We've never seen a weekly divergence
forming this early
in the Bitcoin cycle. And so, we really
don't know what's going to happen. But,
we're seeing bullish divergences out the
wazoo. Bitcoin had a chance to reject. I
mean, that's another thing.
We had a chance to reject this week
already when we came up the first time
to the value area high and got a
beautiful rejection.
Now, we're coming there again and it
looks like the money flow is curving
back up on the 1-hour like we're looking
to break out. And once we break out of
this, we're coming up towards $67,000.
So, it's a very interesting time. My
next target for long trades $67,000
where I will look to TP. And if we flip
this into support, I'm going to add to
my swing long trades to get my entry
right around here and then take it up
hopefully to the mid-70s. Now, as far as
short trades go, obviously, if we're
seeing bearish signs from here, I am
going to be shorting this. And in the
Casper Crew, I'm letting people know the
trades I'm taking, the trades that I'm
opening up and all this stuff. We give
the setups in advance. We let people
know when we're taking the trades,
myself and Boyan and other instructors.
All right. So, I'm going to be updating
the Casper Crew on the decisions I make,
not financial advice. You can join the
community at JasonCasperTrading.com.
But, honestly, I'm feeling a little bit
bullish right now. And maybe I'm a fool.
Maybe we come back next week and we're
dumped down to zero. I don't know. But,
that's how I'm feeling. Guys, if you
want to trade Bitcoin and all coins,
KCSX has literally the lowest fees,
period. No KYC, no VPN. I'm also trading
on BitBase. BitBase has super low fees,
no KYC, no VPN. And every week, BitBase
is giving away $500 to you guys.
They also have a juicy sign-up bonus.
And if you're looking for a
decentralized DEX to trade on, Antarctic
Exchange, if you use my link, you are
gifted with VIP super low fees.
Guys, that is my update for today. And I
hope you all have a great weekend. May
God bless everybody in the name of
Jesus, Yeshua the Messiah. I pray you
and your families are super blessed.
Make sure to relax this weekend. Spend
time with the Lord. Spend time with your
family. And I'll see you guys next week.
Peace.